hi I'm president brown I'm brand new i
should say been here a month now but i'm
not the I'm not the new beat these are
the newbies right here so newbies right
here introduce yourselves I'm Cameron
I'm a freshman in beachwood whole my my
major is in marine biology I'm Malorie
i'm also a freshman I live in Mullaney
and I'm double majoring in psychology
now here's what I have to say brand new
kid on campus I have it under control
but I'm a little nervous about you guys
well we just had our classes today so
we've got an experience of what college
going to be like and so far it's been
it's been great I have to ask you how
you how you found us why why our program
there's only the best in the world but
why us because we have a good I mean
good for visas and good teaching tap
here and I like their campus over here
so here's my other friend here I'm super
millennium I'm coming here I'm freshman
and my major is computer science hi
Haley nice meeting you i'm new your new
tell me what you're up to here well i'm
a freshman i just moved into Laurel Hall
and I will be majoring in biology well I
wish you well is the student here and
look for me on campus i'll look for you
hey thank you
I have a student here a new friend its
name's rich we met a couple days ago
actually he was here as an honors
student at honors program so I asked him
to tell us about a little bit I'm a
music industry major and I'm living in
beachwood this year I just moved into
sweetie it's really nice I'm coming back
to my first class Western Civ
hi i'm here with kayla she's a graduate
student we've been talking a little bit
but i'm going to ask her to tell us
about her and what's she up to here i'm
a graduate student studying english and
creative writing oh so what are you
going to do with that when you're
finished besides writing in a creative
way oh hopefully that in some in some
form yeah and what sort of context do
you like writing um I like poetry that's
what I'm studying primarily in the
graduate program yeah yeah that's great
can I guess where you did your
undergraduate work here oh boy she's
seen the light she's a mom a student all
the way but I wish you well
congratulations for being part of our
graduate program thank you so much